combination of elements of the future tricks
details plan already at the place of execution
praetoria movement is necessary
calculate in advance street acrobatics
any jump at a height without insurance
this is their lifestyle conquers obstacle
the whole world
they call themselves tracers that than
do parkour translation with
french obstacle course steep
walls of the staircase and parapet of different
level of Oleg palace of youth mark
Voronezh Parkour for eight years
but having received the first injury many solutions
to myself last year that time fell on
street he
often break guys and they do not want
purely psychologically for bruises they still
quickly
guys so
takes away from this sport in the fall on
traditional warm-up time
getting less moving in the rain
or snow is possible but no need to hold on
the edge of the cold ground is much brick
walls
long impossible to perform on it
any automatically
special items
preparation undue risk
there is
but on a variety course makes
consequence of the MKD to work faster
but instantly respond to
environmental change
right and safe separate steps
training tracers veterans found this
scientific evidence five
years will come physical education and
now try to convey the experience
it is now the turn of the Japanese coast
extreme acrobatics on
sports equipment in the city only
section by the hour twice a week
constructor parkour athletes already
graduates bring up young
trackers are now in the equipped hall
pieces
understood the principle of movement for what
you need a movement so that they know physics
geometry
punch without a visit without a diameter they're in
principle will not be able to perform movements
it's not just like that but run on the walls
need to calculate
feel and feel means
Aek translate permissible
horizontal speed vertical
it is not just necessary to do
workouts but completely
prepared for this room no
street stream slanting forces institute
gymnastics right to the gym
extreme views will be given after
official status quo any for 2
beach volleyball was also born from this
sort of treatment
in which then they passed in a special way
is it worth the sport
actually and extreme sports
such measures with parking is the same
Azarov revival of interest in this species
sports first then improvement
then becoming both institutional and
federations and in that sense today
Of course no one is used to that culture
start working with your success
so that's interesting directions like this
now
life itself
one of the most mobile
but on a tour of visual aids
lecture about the most important setting
tests for each student of the institute
physical science science body structure
fundamental part of any sport
as part of the mandatory
the program is already in the project but the ring
extreme sports all for example
St. Petersburg and Moscow, but in Voronezh
slope under development
the direction of the federation section and
official registration by
predicted by the masters of sports will not go away
less than a year alexey lyapin alexander rudin
Dmitry Ovchinnikov to lead Voronezh